A closed mouth gathers no feet. 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
A foolish man listens to his heart. A wise man listens to cookies.
Actions speak louder than fortune cookies.
All fortunes are wrong except this one.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly.
Ask your mom instead of a cookie.
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles. Lucky numbers: 12, 15, 23, 28, 37
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
Change is inevitable, except for vending machines.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
Don’t behave with cold manners. 
Don’t eat the paper.
Don’t forget you are always on our minds.
Don’t let statistics do a number on you.
Flattery will go far tonight.
Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
He who throws dirt is losing ground. 
Help! I am being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
I am worth a fortune.
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
If you look back, you’ll soon be going that way.
It is a good day to have a good day.
It’s about time I got out of that cookie.
May you someday be carbon neutral.
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you.
Never trust a fart.
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom.
No snowflake feels responsible in an avalanche.
Only listen to the fortune cookie; disregard all other fortune telling units.
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party.
Success is farting and not shitting yourself.
That wasn’t chicken.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity. 
The road to riches is paved with homework.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl. 
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right. 
This cookie contains 117 calories.
We don’t know the future, but here’s a cookie.
You are not illiterate.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
You have rice in your teeth.
You love Chinese food.
You think it’s a secret, but they know.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
You will die alone and poorly dressed.
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
Your friends mom is not covered by the Bro code.
